well I'd either internet people let's
build again so tonight we're going to
talk about public relations during the
times we are in there were a few people
voiced concern then I brought the
administration into that last video and
talked about their leadership the two
things are inseparable you cannot talk
about what's going on right now without
talking about the utter failure that is
the Trump administration can't do it now
at the same time that people are saying
oh we need to rally behind them and
leave politics out of this which I can
understand on some level have no problem
with the administration using this
crisis for PR stunts and they are PR
stunts and the person who is supposed to
be focused on leading us through this
spearheading the the federal response
Jared Kushner is now giving advice to
voters campaigning but we can't talk
about the administration doesn't seem to
make sense to me Jared Kushner told
voters to think about who will be a
competent manager during a crisis I
agree and he's saying this without any
hint of irony as the response he is
spearheading is shipping out broken
ventilators and rotten n95 masks does
not seem like competent management to me
then he talks about the strategic
national stockpile and let's just say
that he misspoke not that he
intentionally lied to cover his own rear
just an accident
and he said that you know this is the
purpose of it it's for this and
everybody who knows what it's for it's
like no that's that's that's just not
true but PR took over rather than
actually managing the situation they had
to manage a PR crisis that's more
important than what's actually going on
they literally went to the website and
changed the mission statement to match
the idiocy that he said as if a people
who were familiar with it didn't
wouldn't notice and be it's not all
archived that is some Orwellian 9th 1984
stuff right there the Dear Leader's
son-in-law made a boo-boo speaking so
we're going to change the mission of a
federal agency because this
administration cannot accept
responsibility for anything it's all PR
everything they've done is PR we're
gonna send ships make sure to go down
get a good photo op make sure everybody
knows that the Dear Leader did it
president Trump and then they get to
where they're going thousand bed ship
I've got 20 patients which I get you
don't want to bring the high-risk
patients on the ship I have I can kind
of understand that for real I get it but
it's the Navy I imagine those
ventilators are portable they could go
to where they're needed I bet those
aren't broke but they were maintained
and you can blame the state of the
stockpile on Obama or Bush or whoever
doesn't matter
because this administration has had
three years to fix it and this threat
was not a secret it wasn't this has been
known about they chose to ignore it they
chose to focus more on re-election
campaigns than the safety of those
people who would be voting
well we're gonna have the automotive
company or I'll have them make
ventilators production act okay it
sounds good it's good PR great but see
the administration never actually sent
the order so they're not taking orders
for ventilators because there's no
follow-through it's just like the entire
Trump brand it's it's all a facade it's
all show it's all PR there's no
substance there's no leadership and at
every opportunity the administration is
undermining the few medical
professionals who are still willing to
work with them because most of them
can't put up with the CDC advises that
Americans should wear a mask but I'm not
gonna do it cuz I'm a tough guy
sure you are in a lot of states you know
like here in Florida it seems that right
now that the administration is doing an
okay job by the metric that they use
poll numbers that's all they care about
they do not care about your life they
never did they care about those poll
numbers and right now they're plus or
minus five points not a big deal not a
big deal at all but see that's going to
change because we're still at the
beginning of this we are still at the
beginning of this and Floridians just
found out that the last Republican
governor pretty much trashed their
chances of getting unemployment in a
timely fashion that's probably going to
weigh on their minds it's also probably
going to weigh on their minds when they
find out that every VA Hospital now has
a reefer truck sitting outside of it
this isn't over now there are medical
professionals out there doing their jobs
working day and night trying to mitigate
this if this if they managed to and they
managed to avert a major catastrophe it
will be in spite of the Trump
administration not because of it
the administration has offered zero
leadership none they will attempt to
take the credit if it's successful and
if it's not they'll blame everybody else
because the invest raishin hasn't made
up of leaders it's made up of panderers
they will tell you what you want to hear
and hope for the best and hope they
aren't discovered that's what they are
it's what they've always been it is
impossible to talk about this situation
without talking about the administration
I happen to know a little bit about
crisis management the number one rule is
that you're prepared for it you activate
the contingency plans that you planned
out decades in advance you're prepared
you're ready you don't downplay it and
you'll listen to the experts these are
things the administration has not done
and will not do because their egos will
get in the way I want you to think about
the amount of time that must have been
devoted to deciding to change the
website because dear leaders son
misspoke son-in-law
they're covering all their bases there
but they're not doing it when it matters
to your life yeah I think Kushner is
right you need to think about who would
be a competent manager in a time of
crisis because the reality is this
didn't have to be one it didn't have to
be one go back to the first video I
filmed on this
I was completely unworried because I'm
familiar with the plans I know what I
know what the government is capable of
in this regard if they're allowed to do
their jobs if they don't have an
administration hamstringing them that
didn't happen it didn't happen because
he was worried about his reelection he's
worried about the economy he's worried
about himself not about the country
every move he makes is for PR I would
love somebody to prove me wrong
Kushner's right you need to think long
and hard if you're gonna vote in 2020
who you're gonna vote for because this
didn't have to be like this and it's
very likely that there will be another
crisis in the next four years that's
going to be bigger because we're going
to be heading into some really bumpy
times and without real leadership it's
uh it's gonna be rough
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night